Update info.md (#2144)
redis/redis-doc: commands/info.md

*   `total_writes_processed`: Total number of write events processed
*   `io_threaded_reads_processed`: Number of read events processed by the main and I/O threads
*   `io_threaded_writes_processed`: Number of write events processed by the main and I/O threads

> *   `acl_access_denied_auth`: Number of AUTH authentication failures

Reviewer: Since we're agnostic to the command invoked (`AUTH` or `HELLO`):

```suggestion
*   `acl_access_denied_auth`: Number of  authentication failures
```

> *   `acl_access_denied_cmd`: Number of ACL denied accesses to run a command
> *   `acl_access_denied_key`: Number of ACL denied accesses to a key
> *   `acl_access_denied_channel`: Number of ACL denied accesses to a channel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   `acl_access_denied_cmd`: Number of commands rejected because of access denied to the command
*   `acl_access_denied_key`: Number of commands rejected because of access denied to a key
*   `acl_access_denied_channel`: Number of commands rejected because of access denied to a channel 
```
